[ADD] shopify_connector: add module documentation (#19309)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/shopify_connector.rst

handled:

+---------------------------+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
|                           | Deliveries handled in Odoo          | Deliveries handled in Shopify       |
+===========================+=====================================+=====================================+
| **Orders**                | Confirmed Shopify orders are        | Confirmed Shopify orders are        |
|                           | created as confirmed sales orders   | created as confirmed sales orders   |
|                           | in Odoo.                            | in Odoo.                            |
+---------------------------+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| **Fulfillment**           | A delivery order is created in Odoo | Fulfillment is created in Shopify,  |
|                           | and validated by the user. The      | then pulled into Odoo with carrier, |
|                           | shipment is then pushed to Shopify. | tracking number, and quantities.    |
+---------------------------+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

> | **Stock management**      | Managed in Odoo, and pushed to      | Managed in Odoo, and pushed to      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Stock management**      | Managed in Odoo and pushed to       | Managed in Odoo and pushed to       |
```
i dont think this comma is needed!

+---------------------------+-------------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

.. note::
   The *Shopify Connector* is designed to synchronize the data of sales orders, inventory,
   deliveries, returns, and refunds. It relies on scheduled actions (cron) rather than webhooks or
   real-time synchronization.

.. _shopify/real-time-sync:

Real-time synchronization
=========================

The Shopify Connector does **not** perform real-time synchronization and does **not** rely on
webhooks. All synchronization is handled by *Scheduled Actions* (cron-based synchronization) that
run at regular intervals.

.. _shopify/sync-frequency:

Synchronization frequency
=========================

By default, the scheduled actions run at the following frequencies:

- **Orders**: Every 10 minutes.
- **Inventory (Odoo to Shopify)**: Every time orders are pulled. Stock is pushed from Odoo to
  Shopify after each order synchronization.
- **Deliveries handled in Odoo**: Every 10 minutes.

.. note::
   Pulling stock from Shopify to Odoo is not required every time. It is typically needed only when

>    first setting up the connector or to correct a mismatch between the two platforms. Use the *Fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   first setting up the connector or correcting a mismatch between the two platforms. Use the *Fetch
```
